As married couples,
most of us have been there.
The day-to-day pace of life,
work,
and distractions
can cause us
to draw away from our mate emotionally.
We begin to talk less
—distance ourselves.
We may feel unappreciated
and even become cold or unkind.
Even our desire for intimacy and affection
may cool.
We may go from being loving and passionate
to platonic roommates.
What can we do to avoid this?
An excellent principle we can apply
is found at Acts 20:35:
“There is more happiness
in giving than there is in receiving.”
But how can we know what to give
or what actions to take so our mate
feels our love and affection?
The best way to know
is simply to ask.
What does our mate need?
Some feel loved
when they are actively listened to
or hear warm expressions of appreciation.
For others, it’s expressions of love
shown through touch
or simply quality time.
Others find
that helping them with chores
and sharing the workload at home
makes them feel cherished.
But whatever the discussion reveals
and regardless of our mate’s imperfections,
we want to do what we can
to make them feel loved and cared for
through the actions they appreciate.
Yes, if we each do all we can
to show unselfish love,
genuine affection will follow.
And this is just one of many secrets
to a happy marriage.
So now, why not just take a moment,
pause the video,
and ask each other these three questions.
Remember, share your honest feelings,
and when listening, don’t be defensive.
This is simply a chance to openly express
how each of you feels.
So pause your video now, and really talk.